README.md, before:

# Awesome Open Frames

Open Frames is an interoperable [standard](https://github.com/open-frames/standard) extending the original Frames specification to support a broader range of applications and protocols.

> 💸 **Open Frames Bounty Program**
>
> We're offering a $100 bounty for developers who achieve 3 goals:
>
> 1. Make your Frame interoperable with the Open Frames standard.
> 2. Add your Frame to the `Example Frames` section in this repo via a PR.
> 3. Send your frame via a DM to `hi.xmtp.eth` through one of the `Applications` section.
>
> Dive deeper into the details of the bounty by visiting [this link](https://github.com/open-frames/awesome-open-frames/blob/main/BOUNTY.md). After submitting your Frame, wait for the funds to be received in USDC Base. We will notify you via DM.

### Example frames

Several Frames have already adopted the Open Frames standard, showcasing the versatility and broad applicability of this specification. These include:

**open-source**

- [Interactive Polls](https://github.com/xmtp-labs/fc-polls): Engage your audience with real-time polls.
- [rock-paper-scissors](https://github.com/Unshut-Labs/xmtp-frame-rock-paper-scissors): Rock paper scissors game.
- [farcaster-gallery](https://github.com/Nith567/far): Gallery farcaster.

**others**

- [Zora is a Magic Machine](https://paragraph.xyz/@zora/zora-magic-machine): Zora newsletter through Paragraph.

### Compatible messaging apps

Open Frames is designed to be universally compatible, with support from a wide range of applications. Notably, it is compatible with:

- [Converse](https://getconverse.app/): Own your conversations.
- [Converse Web](https://app.converse.xyz/): Own you conversations. On the web.
- [dev-inbox](https://dev-inbox.vercel.app/): Dev Focused Frame compatible web client.

#### Tooling

Given the interoperable nature of Open Frames, each protocol has its unique method for handling payloads, making these tools invaluable for integration:

- [Frames.js](https://framesjs.org/reference/js/xmtp): Verify and sign XMTP payloads in XMTP with FramesJS
- [OnChainKit](https://onchainkit.xyz/xmtp/introduction): Verify and sign XMTP payloads in XMTP with OnChainKit
- [XMTP](https://xmtp.org/docs/build/frames): Verify and sign XMTP payloads in XMTP

### Related Resources

To get started with Open Frames or to learn more about the specification and its capabilities, check out the following resources:

- [Open Frames Spec](https://github.com/open-frames/standard): The official specification document for Open Frames.
- [Awesome Frames](https://github.com/davidfurlong/awesome-frames?tab=readme-ov-file): Curated list of Frames resources.

---

### Media Mentions

Here are some notable mentions:

- [The state of frames + frames beyond Farcaster](https://mirror.xyz/albiverse.eth/8Uvsdgv9TTxnENFk90PRcIpiS20h_Av3_JkcVm7Yw2U)

---

### Supporters

#### Implementation Supporters

This dApps & protocols & tooling already support the Open Frames standard.

- [Paragraph](https://paragraph.xyz)
- [Launchcaster](https://www.launchcaster.xyz)

And others: [Outcasters](https://outcasters.xyz) | [Onchain Letters](https://onchainletters.xyz) | [UFO News](https://news.ufo.fm) | [RWX](https://rwx.mrjonkane.com) | [Power Law Systems](https://powerlaw.systems) | [Frameboard](https://www.frameboard.com) | [Solo Salon](https://solosalon.clinamenic.com) | [Derek Brown](https://derekbrown.xyz) | [Zine](https://zine.shamesoiree.com) | [Fabrica](https://blog.fabrica.land) | [ShortURL](https://shorturl.at) | [Wibtal](https://wibtal.com) | [Mark McClure](https://markmcclure.xyz) | [NextJS Boilerplate](https://nextjs-boilerplate-xi-two-79.vercel.app) | [Jared Hecht](https://jaredhecht.com) | [Luc.cx](https://luc.cx) | [0xPratik](https://0xpratik.com) | [Teji](blog.teji.io)

#### Ecosystem Partners

- [XMTP](https://xmto.org/)
- [Converse](https://converse.xyz/)
- [Framejs](https://framesjs.org/)
- [Privy](https://privy.io/)
- [Dynamic](https://www.dynamic.xyz/)
- [Airstack](https://www.airstack.xyz/)

Commit message:

Update README.md to add more frame examples
updating to include two more projects

README.md, after:

# Awesome Open Frames

Open Frames is an interoperable standard extending the original Frames specification to support a broader range of applications and protocols.

> 💸 **Open Frames Bounty Program**
>
> We're offering a $100 bounty for developers who achieve 3 goals:
>
> 1. Make your Frame interoperable with the Open Frames standard.
> 2. Add your Frame to the `Example Frames` section in this repo via a PR.
> 3. Send your frame via a DM to `hi.xmtp.eth` through one of the `Applications` section.
>
> Dive deeper into the details of the bounty by visiting [this link](https://github.com/open-frames/awesome-open-frames/blob/main/BOUNTY.md). After submitting your Frame, wait for the funds to be received in USDC Base. We will notify you via DM.

### Example frames

Several Frames have already adopted the Open Frames standard, showcasing the versatility and broad applicability of this specification. These include:

**open-source**

- [Interactive Polls](https://github.com/xmtp-labs/fc-polls): Engage your audience with real-time polls.
- [rock-paper-scissors](https://github.com/Unshut-Labs/xmtp-frame-rock-paper-scissors): Rock paper scissors game.

**others**

- [Zora is a Magic Machine](https://paragraph.xyz/@zora/zora-magic-machine): Zora newsletter through Paragraph.
- [Zurf-XMTP-OpenFrame](https://github.com/robertcedwards/Zurf-XMTP-OpenFrame/): Simple example of a XMTP compatible frame on Github Pages.
- [Personal Link in Frame](https://github.com/robertcedwards/farcaster-frame-bio): Make your own Frame with your Bio info, includes a landing page template, fetches from https://web3.bio
- [Purchase Custom Tees in a Frame](https://github.com/Luna-Music/LunaVibesTees): Learn and Purchase Custom Tees in a Frame + 🔵 Base checkout.
### Compatible messaging apps

Open Frames is designed to be universally compatible, with support from a wide range of applications. Notably, it is compatible with:

- [Converse](https://getconverse.app/): Own your conversations.
- [Converse Web](https://app.converse.xyz/): Own you conversations. On the web.
- [dev-inbox](https://dev-inbox.vercel.app/): Dev Focused Frame compatible web client.

#### Tooling

- [Frames.js](https://framesjs.org/reference/js/xmtp)
- [OnChainKit](https://onchainkit.xyz/xmtp/introduction)
- [XMTP](https://xmtp.org/docs/build/frames)

### Related Resources

To get started with Open Frames or to learn more about the specification and its capabilities, check out the following resources:

- [Open Frames Spec](https://github.com/open-frames/standard): The official specification document for Open Frames.
- [Open Frames Bounty](/BOUNTY.md): Bounty details for making your frames Open Frame compatible.
- [Awesome Frames](https://github.com/davidfurlong/awesome-frames?tab=readme-ov-file): Curated list of Frames resources.

---

### Media Mentions

Here are some notable mentions:

- [The state of frames + frames beyond Farcaster](https://mirror.xyz/albiverse.eth/8Uvsdgv9TTxnENFk90PRcIpiS20h_Av3_JkcVm7Yw2U)

---

### Supporters

#### Implementation Supporters

This dApps & protocols & tooling already support the Open Frames standard.

- [Paragraph](https://paragraph.xyz)
- [Launchcaster](https://www.launchcaster.xyz)

And others: [Outcasters](https://outcasters.xyz) | [Onchain Letters](https://onchainletters.xyz) | [UFO News](https://news.ufo.fm) | [RWX](https://rwx.mrjonkane.com) | [Power Law Systems](https://powerlaw.systems) | [Frameboard](https://www.frameboard.com) | [Solo Salon](https://solosalon.clinamenic.com) | [Derek Brown](https://derekbrown.xyz) | [Zine](https://zine.shamesoiree.com) | [Fabrica](https://blog.fabrica.land) | [ShortURL](https://shorturl.at) | [Wibtal](https://wibtal.com) | [Mark McClure](https://markmcclure.xyz) | [NextJS Boilerplate](https://nextjs-boilerplate-xi-two-79.vercel.app) | [Jared Hecht](https://jaredhecht.com) | [Luc.cx](https://luc.cx) | [0xPratik](https://0xpratik.com) | [Teji](blog.teji.io)

#### Ecosystem Partners

- [XMTP](https://xmto.org/)
- [Converse](https://converse.xyz/)
- [Framejs](https://framesjs.org/)
- [Privy](https://privy.io/)
